You are really big sister
Hahaha big sister
Sister, it's my fault.
What am I doing?
Dead big sister
Please forgive me
You weren't quite arrogant just now
Now you do.
Lazy, big sister
I don't know Tarzan
Please forgive me this time
Spare you, Chu Yang just begged you for mercy
Why don't you spare him?
Chu Yang ah no no no
Zhu Yan or even I don't know
If I offend you, please forgive me.
Just take me down and rescue me
Block my way out
Sister, my brother really knows he is wrong.
Please spare my brother
The damage caused to Chu Yang
My Zhao family is willing to make full compensation.
I beg you.
eldest sister
Now that you two know you're scared, why did you go early?
If I torture your family to pieces
Then give you a compensation.
Do you agree or the harm to your family?
I want you to pay it back a hundredfold, sister
Think of a way to shut up
If it weren't for your useless thing
How did the application come to this?
Beat me to death
Sister, forgive me.
eldest sister